"Elegance is the only beauty that never fades." - Audrey Hepburn
"Simplicity carried to an extreme, becomes elegance." - Jon Franklin
"Elegance is not being noticed, it’s about being remembered." - Giorgio Armani
"Elegance is when the inside is as beautiful as the outside." - Coco Chanel
"Elegance isn’t solely defined by what you wear. It’s how you carry yourself, how you speak, what you read." - Carolina Herrera
"She was temptation wrapped in casual elegance." - Christine Feehan
"The only real elegance is in the mind; if you’ve got that, the rest really comes from it." - Diana Vreeland
"Elegance is not an outer quality, but a part of the soul that is visible to others." - Paulo Coelho
"True elegance becomes more so as it approaches simplicity." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Fashion changes, but style endures." - Coco Chanel
"Elegance is a question of personality, more than one’s clothing." - Jean Paul Gaultier
"Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance." - Coco Chanel
"Elegance is the balance between PROPORTION, EMOTION & SURPRISE. - Valentino Garavani
"Elegance is good taste plus a dash of daring. - Carmel Snow
"A truly elegant taste is generally accompanied with excellence of heart." - Henry Fielding
"Elegance comes from being as beautiful inside as outside." - Coco Chanel
"Fashion anticipates … elegance is a state of mind." - Oleg Cassini
"Elegance of language may not be in the power of all of us, but simplicity and straightforwardness are. Write much as you would speak; speak as you think. If with your inferior, speak no coarser than usual; if with your superiors, no finer." - William P. Alford
"Elegance is timeless. It withstands trend; It withstands the commercialization of what fashion and style have become." - Zac Posen
"If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor." - Albert Einstein
"Individuality will always be one of the conditions of real elegance."  -  Christian Dior
"Adornment, what a science! Beauty, what a weapon! Modesty, what elegance!" - Coco Chanel
"Elegance is something more than ease; it is more than a freedom from awkwardness or restraint. It implies, I conceive, a precision, a polish, a sparkling, spirited yet delicate." - William Hazlitt
"Some people think luxury is the opposite of poverty. It is not. It is the opposite of vulgarity." - Coco Chanel